Docs front-page refresh (#1071)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra-operator: README.md

# K8ssandra Operator

**[Documentation site](https://docs.k8ssandra.io/)**

k8ssandra-operator is a turnkey solution to manage [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/_/index.html) and [DSE](https://www.datastax.com/products/datastax-enterprise) on Kubernetes. Apache Cassandra is the premiere wide column NoSQL data store, offering low latency, geo-replication, and the capacity to store petabytes of data. Apache Cassandra is in use in 90% of the Fortune 500 in some capacity. 

> DSE is the DataStax distribution of Apache Cassandra, offering additional features such as advanced security, analytics, and search, as well as features not yet available in Cassandra like vector search for generative AI applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataStax Enterprise, DSE, is the DataStax distribution of Apache Cassandra, offering additional features such as advanced security, search, and graph, as well as features not yet available in Cassandra like vector search for generative AI applications.
```
